located Riverside Drive and Longill
Road. More particularly the improvements
include baseball courts, gazebo, two
playcapes, various associated site
improvements. The proposed use
specifically requires a special permit
in accordance with section 10 of the
Andover zoning regulations.
And uh so that is that at this point
I'll ask Christine to uh if you could
just go through any of the changes that
we've received since the last time we
got together. Sure.
So, um, our final punch list that we
were working on was to revise the date
on the regulations to the latest, um,
revision, which was February 7th,
2023. Um, add the wetlands approval
letter to the plan. Um, put approval
boxes for PCC on every sheet. Um, we
wanted to add two signs um, at the
entrance. one at the entrance to the
pickle ball courts and one to the
playground. Um we also needed the latest
revision date on the plans of the actual
plan. And uh the last thing we had um
was including a statement on the plans
stating the methods used to retain storm
water runoff so as to reduce no increase
and peak runoff meet the requirements
prescribed by the commission's
engineering consultant. And uh all these
updates were made by Joe Dylan who is uh
the acting town engineer and uh engineer
for the for the
project. Um there was also a
communication
um with regards to the lighting plan.
Um and I think yeah those are all the
revisions that were made. Okay.
Um, so the other thing that uh we were
waiting on for tonight was the approval
of the variance by the zoning board. And
Jim, where we stand on that? Zoning
board appeals met last Tuesday evening
and approved the application the relief
from section 112 so as to allow for
reduction in the front yard setback.
Okay. To in turn allow for the
construction of the pavilion.
So,
uh, Christine, do you have any other
comments you want to provide, uh, on on
the project here tonight? Um, I don't
think so. I I think we tried to be as
sensitive as we could, just being
residents in town and wanting to make
sure everything conforms to the highest
safety and regulations that are required
in the town. And we are just happy to
see this come to fruition. Hopefully uh
something that residents could benefit
from. Okay. Jim, any other comments on
the application? No.
Any other commission members has
questions? Did we need to have
information included in the public
record
here? Leanne, anything from you?
No.
No. Okay.
Very good. So, uh my sense is then that
uh all the commission members here
tonight are ready to close the public
hearing. We've got all the information
that we want for for uh
deliberating on the uh
application. Given that at I think clock
says 7:05 we will close the public
hearing.
And at this point, we will open the
regular planning and
zoning
meeting. And first up is
uh roll call and seating of alternates.
We're a little short on folks here
tonight. Uh we've got Annne Pray, Scott
Brassan, Leanne Hutchinson, and myself.
We've got no alternates to seat for uh
in Patrick's place. So there's just the
four of us.
Any addition or changes to the
agenda? Hearing none, we'll move on.
Uh I don't see anybody from the public
here. So, uh I I think we
uh are going to move past public
speaking and on to the old business.
The application of the town of Andover
acting through the Andover Field
Committee. Applicants seeking special
permit to undertake various
improvements at the veterans field 30
herbicide
project.
Um any
any of the commission members would like
to discuss on that application at this
point?
Okay, very good. Um, I would just point
out that and uh I don't know if
everybody read
through the uh you know the lighting
narrative that was posted online that
Christine
was talking about. we did go through and
uh redo the math to get the right
numbers to calculate and average with.
And then one of the issues that that I
was struggled
with over the last month
was most of the lighting levels in our
regulations are a maximum level.
when we went to the sports
guidelines, you can certainly build a
good case that those lighting levels
that they specify are minimum
levels. And so I thought, you know, we
were trying to, you know, implement
actions to reduce lighting levels when
more light is better. And uh so when I
looked up, you know, are these lighting
levels for sports fields a maximum or a
minimum?
said it's a
minimum. So that's that's one place that
uh the levels are different than what we
have for the rest of the place in our
lighting levels here. So I was I was
good to go with
that. Leanne, any questions or comments
on the
uh field improvements?
You are unmuted. Um, no thanks.
Heard enough. Heard enough, huh?
Sounds good. Okay.
I do you does the committee want to
discuss hours of operation? Oh, thank
you. Yep, we
do. So, I think we do a draft motion.
There is draft motion. Yep. So, hold on.
I'm trying to find my notes here. That
was that was on.
[Music]
Okay.
So, one of the things that
uh was in the application was that uh
the lights would be off at a time set by
the Planning and Zoning Commission, but
no later than 11 p.m.
about that one
time what we thought was good.
What did we
say? Um, I thought we said 10:00. Yeah,
I mean that's See, I don't remember
talking about it, but that's the time
that came to my mind. That was if I
don't remember talking about it either,
but 10:00 was kind of what I was
thinking. So, um, I think we're being
outdoors and possibly affecting
neighbors or something. Nope. I,
uh, Christine, that impose any
significant hardship for you there?
Yeah, I don't see any issue with that.
Okay.
And then what about starting time? Do we
have a starting time or is it just
everything's over by 10? Well, so in the
in the draft motion that I
will make everybody else, it talks about
the hours of operation which shall
include the hours late for the pickle
ball court shall be from 6 a.m. to 1000
p.m. 7 days a
week. And that uh that does set a start
time. Not to necessarily need lights out
there at that point, but you might
depend upon here, that sort of
thing. Okay. Thank you,
Wayne.
So, with all that
said, Jeremy, you have anything else?
No draft motion which anything else now
that you saved us on that one? No, I
guess we would have got there as I read
through the motion that you guys would
have got there, but I thought maybe you
guys would want to fill in that blank
prior to making the motion.
So, here's the
uh I will make a motion to approve the
application of the town of Vandover
Planning Zoning Commission application
2404 for a special permit for
improvements of the property of the town
of Vandover known as Veterans Park, 30
Riverside
Drive, as depicted on a plan entitled
Down of Vandover, Connecticut
Recreational Facilities Enhancements
Phase Two prepared by Nathan Jacobson
Associates from Chester, Connecticut,
dated November 2024, revised through
225, 2025 with the following
conditions. Add a letter of approval to
the final plans prior to filing. Final
plans in their entirety, page 1 through
eight, shall be endorsed by the chairman
of the planning and zoning commission
and filed in land records of the town of
Andover. The hours of operation, which
shall include the hours lighting for the
pickle ball court, shall be from 6:00
a.m. to 10:00 p.m. 7 days per
week. The applicants shall secure a
separate zoning permit for any and all
signs with the exclusion of a sign
detailing the rules for the use of the
property for parking signs.
Prior to the commencement of the work,
the general contractor shall provide the
zoning agent with contact information,
including current mailing address, an
email address, phone number, and update
information should it change. And
Christine, we'll send this out to you by
email, so you don't have to write all
that down.
All erosion and sediment control
measures shall be in place and inspected
48 hours prior to the commencement of
work and the general contractor shall
schedule a pre-construction meeting with
the zoning agent, the inland wetlands
and water agent Hank
Bruner if available the public works
director, the town administrator and his
or her agent. Such meeting shall take
place prior to the commencement of work.
In such meeting the responsibility of
all requisite permits shall be
established and that uh that is the end
of my motion. I'll second that. Okay.
Second, Scott. Thank you. Any discussion
on the motion?
Good. Can I just confirm that that the
date the revision date is accurate? 225
to29.
the uh correct the revision in the
motion is consistent with the the most
recent revision the Y revised 22525
yeah okay very good anything else
okay hearing none I'll call for a vote
I
I and I vote I as well. Motion passes 4
0. Good job,
Christine. Um, thank you.
That uh that doesn't mean you're all
done. There are some steps. I don't know
exactly what they all are, but Jim will
Jim and Wayne will help you through
those so that we we do all those things.
We have a tendency to read that side or
leave when it passes and then don't get
all the last little bits done which
include me signing all those myar so
that we can get it filed in there. But
uh nicely done on that. Sounds like a
great plan. Look forward to having that
in the Thank you for joining us tonight.
Thank you guys. You
Hey
Jedi relations for the project.
Um I just got an email from Kevin
Arnison.
Yeah.
um who was trying to get in
uh and said that the Zoom link was not
on did not appear on the agenda and the
town website access was blocked. So I
just copied him. I I emailed him, copied
everyone else um with the link.
Obviously, you know, you're Leanne got
in, you know, and there are several
people there in person, but Kevin was
apparently having difficulty getting in.
Maybe he'll join us in a second.
Okay, very good. You're good to go,
Christine. Yep. Thank you.
Yeah, I I tested the link on the
calendar this afternoon. Yeah, I don't
know. Maybe maybe he was clicking around
the wrong place.
That's how it's been displayed up there.
I just use the link. Yep. Okay.
It's just not on the agenda.
Okay. Well, I see Kevin's with us now.
Sorry about that.
Kevin, we will we will seat you in place
of Patrick Gerty.
But I'm a little surprised Patrick's not
here tonight. He might be Well, he might
be in the same situation I was in.
Do you guys have Patrick's phone number?
I
believe just see if he had some problem
joining us here.
Yeah.
What kind of calendar?
[Music]
calendar.
Yeah. Good.
All right, I spoke to Oh, I think he's
on the phone there.
I think well thank you. See that thing
is
creeply. All right. Thank you. Yeah.
Byebye.
in good news and bad
news. Good news is be sure
meeting is like Patrick's not feeling
well right now. He's here. Patrick's
just joined.
He's there.
Are you there, Patrick?
You're muted, Patrick. Yep.
I think he said he's just going to
listen. Oh, okay. Yeah, I'm here.
So, my computer's having technical
difficulties.
Yeah. Next item on the agenda was to
discuss the uh the economic development
commission topic for the plan of
conservation development.
Um based on the email I got from you a
couple of days ago, I thought that was
going to be the highlight of our meeting
tonight. If you're not up to that, uh
yeah, I'm not up to it tonight. Sorry,
Jed. Okay, understand. Um, and uh we've
got uh Kevin's uh you know seated for
you. So uh very good. I recommend that
you uh click off and rest up. Okay.
Thank you, Jed. Yep. Talk to you later,
Patrick. Okay. Bye.
Okay. So, moving on to the next things,
discussion of status and proposed
changes to zoning map and zone changes.
And uh I don't have the map here
tonight, but uh Jim, Wayne, I Eric,
John have been working
on our zoning map and
uh and we have shifted from just a plain
old map to I think
uh John, is it correct to say that this
is all GIS based now that were moving
to. Yes.
Um yeah, it's it's it was sort of an odd
combination of
um assessors based parcels and also you
know there was some there was some
mapping that sort of crossed parcel
lines. So you had zone lines that would
bisect parcel lines and um what we've
been trying to do and
and migrating from one GIS system to
another left some um mapping lag and
some uh uh what we would call phase
shift in mapping. And so the the the
parcel lines and the zone lines didn't
sort of add up properly. And so even in
parcels where we didn't intend to split
the parcel with his own line, there was
some bleed over and and so we're, you
know, we have a new we have a new
upgraded parcel layer. So we're we're
trying to make sure that that the
assessor and the the zoning map and the
GIS map are all, you know, sort of
speaking the same language. So there's
some technical corrections to be made.
So, anyhow, that uh so the the map we've
been working on didn't have street names
on it. It was missing some culde-sacs
here and there that have been put in. Uh
it
uh had, you know, just uh several
inaccuracies that we found between the
map and the zoning cards in the
assessor's office and that sort of
thing. And I was going to try to make
one big jump all the way to the finish
line where we would uh get together with
the conservation commission and and see
where they thought we needed, you know,
the conservation zones were and then
have a discussion at the same time with
the economic development commission so
that we can we're not trying to make a
new store in the middle of the land that
we wanted to
conserve and get through that. And so
that's a that's a big outcome of the
plan of conservation and development is
finalizing that. But I was going to take
an interim step where we got the map
looking as good as we could as a map
that would not require us going to a
public hearing like it will at the end
when we change some of the updates on
the different properties.
Um but if we tried to do it all in one
big step, I think that would be too
difficult. So, we're going to break it
into two and it's going to be a while
before we get to that map, bring it to
the commission to
uh take a look at it and then follow
that up with the public hearing where we
uh get input from the public on it. But,
uh I just wanted to let everybody know
where it was that we stood at this
point. So, that's all business C and
we've been putting a lot of time and
energy in on that. I hope that it comes
out very nice for everybody. So, what's
going to be incorporated
in the map? So, we've
got on our zoning map right now, we've
got some some properties that are
multiszoneed. You know, you got a piece
of property and a line going through the
center. One's business and one's
residential or something like that. And
we're trying to get, you know, for the
most part, each property should have a
single zoning associated with it. There
will be a few that are different that
big pieces of property that run back
from, you know, Route Six where along
Route Six might be business back along
there might be something else. I don't
know. But, uh, we're trying to get it
accurate.
There's a a bunch of places out there
now that
uh we know have been changed from what
our current zoning map shows like the
Bernett properties got uh there's some
discussion about at least some of its
business. I think our maps shows that
ARD um Mike Dion's got a property that's
listed as residential that I think needs
to be business. So there's a bunch of
those that we Jed, would it be helpful
if I just showed an example of the map?
Sure. Yep. I underestimated your
capability there, John. Sorry, but we
didn't have the paper copy, but you're I
didn't I didn't think of it until just
now. So,
um, so this is the the Crag GIS map. Um,
that is a regional parcel layer, and I
turned on zoning. Um and so and and so
the the the colors the zoning map
um is is approximate and it's it's sort
of you know it's a sort of an image
that's laid on top of the parcel layer.
And so if you look over here, this is um
just west of the this is on Route Six,
just west of Long Hill Road, so near the
park and ride, near the post office. Um,
and you'll you'll see if you know where
you've got a parcel line here, the post
office parcels where the 140s are and
and the parcel to the to the left of it
is, you know, weirdly in sort of three
zones according to this map. Um, and the
zone itself, the color really has
no value associated with it. Um and and
the the zone designation is actually
found in the assessor's record if you
click on the parcel. So there's you know
things are off. It's you know you can
sort of see visually things are off. So
that we needed to we wanted the you know
the the parcel lines to be fixed
relative to zones and and um you know
make sure that parcels are in the proper
designation.
The goal was to at the end of the day
you we should be able to go to our
zoning map and somebody says what is my
property zoned and we should be able to
go to that map and get the right answer
and it ought to match up with what's on
the property card in the assessor's
office and
uh we're not there yet but we're working
towards that with the goal and uh and
that be that. So so the first step is to
get a map that is accurate of current
conditions. Accurate of what? The first
step is to get a map that is accurate of
current conditions. Yep. That reflects
the current zoning that's been in place
like since 1961. And then with with
planning, zoning commission, economic
development conservation commission,
we're going to sit down, look at the
map, and say what's the best use of this
land for the town and change it to
reflect that. I think there's some
properties that are zoned industrial
because I've told that we've, you know,
excavated a lot of gravel out of way
back when. Well, that might not be the
right for now. Maybe it's business,
maybe it's uh not, I don't know. But
with the with the three different groups
sitting down together going through the
different parcels, you know, it's all
right around crowd six because
everything else is all residential
anyhow. But, uh, gives us a chance to
get that right. And I think that uh that
would be a good step for the
town. So I was hoping to have been I was
hoping to have the map all done before
Jim retired. Jim's still here hanging
on, but he said, "Nope, that map's not
going to be done before
I There we go. He didn't really say
that. I'm kind of
making joke." Jim would never say
anything like that. But yeah, that's uh
that's
that under new business review the
bylaws. So Jim Wayne and I have been
working on the bylaws a little bit. I
didn't send those out to everybody
because I had just other stuff going on.
I think we're very close to have that uh
the way we want it and and I'll get that
out before the next meeting. I think we
have to have 30 days before we vote on
it that you have to have it available or
something and and I just got to check on
that. We're getting close on update the
bylaws and that's something that I
wanted Jim and Wayne to go through
before
Jim correspondence. Jim, anything there?
No. None. No. Wow. We got time tonight.
Wayne, you got any correspondence?
No. Okay, very good. administrative
report zoning
agent.
Um trying to wrap up a few loose ends
being in particular the the Dollar Tree
and the the Benjamin Franklin
enforcement efforts. Hopefully I I
haven't gotten them out as far as the
zoning violation that that um carries
with the the um the fine. I hope to have
get that
done this week. Shouldn't be a
problem. Other than that, indeed, I am
holding a bond on work done work um
incomplete work at the end of Pine Ridge
Drive property of George Carrera.
um the two lot subvision that was done
over the course of the last few years um
to ensure
that the adjacent property is restored
um as
requested did send out a fairly recent
notice to the property on Aspenol
Drive the apparently the owner well
passed away so I'm dealing with
when somebody gets supported by probate
when
a somebody's able to they I'm told that
they will pull from it and take care of
better dealing
with what are the attorneys involved a
little something I haven't
done it seems to be pretty
clean it appears be taken care
That's all I have. Okay. You got
anything for us tonight, Wayne? No. No.
Okay. And I don't have anything for the
Inland Wellers Water Force Agent report
either. We have a couple of
uh items that the wetlands agent took
care of on his own in the upland review
area. And I think we're we're starting
to work on one driveway over on Woodland
where the guy is trying to
uh expand his house, make it so that he
can age in place there. And uh part of
that's moving his garage from one end of
the house to the other. And he's going
to have to run a driveway across the
wetlands there up in that area. But uh
nothing significant there. John,
anything for us?
Yeah, a couple of things. Um, so I I
just reached out to to to Patrick by
email and I know you're not feeling well
and you guys want to push this off, but
if I I'd be happy to get together again
with the Economic Development Commission
to um sort of help bring the EDC chapter
along a little bit. Um, you know,
whatever the status is. Uh, you don't
have to respond. We can we can deal with
that online. Um, I w wanted to uh just
follow up. Um we forwarded to I believe
everybody last week um the draft
conservation chapter of the plan of
conservation and development um and
would be happy to to have any any
comments on that. We can you know if you
if you've got comments feel free to
email them um to me um and and so we can
you know sort of uh come up with a with
a more finalized draft version for the
next couple meetings. Um and then the
last bit is
um been emailing back and forth. Uh Jed
and I spoke um about the potential uh
agurism regulations uh or you know the
sort of farm farm tourism farm activity
regulations. Um I made a couple of
changes based on our conversation. Um
forwarded it back to Jed for comment and
I also forwarded it to Ryan Fitch who
had been checking in. um for the you
know the um uh the tree farms to to see
if he has uh any interest in sort of
carrying it forward. And and he said
he's you know still very interested in
the topic and would would like to pursue
the idea of of you know using their tree
farms as special event facilities and
things like that. But if the commission
was still interested in kind of taking
the lead in shaping the regulations
themselves, he was happy to take a back
seat. Um, but I wanted to put that to
the commission again if this is
something that you want to continue to
sort of tailor in-house or or would you
prefer to have someone uh basically a
private applicant meaning Ryan um submit
this as a as an application.
So, I was hoping to have
discuss discussed a little bit uh as we
had the economic development
commission ideas and I recall when
Patrick first spoke to us, you know,
that the EDC
was pretty favorable and uh enthusiastic
about giving as much latitude to the
farmers
as we
could the the issue that I'm wrestling
with with myself anyhow
is so if you look in our regulations
whether it's business industrial or what
have you um and you were to
say we're going to build a wedding venue
in
Andover that's not one of the options
that we would allow to have so does it
makes sense that we would allow a farmer
to
have a wedding venue when we wouldn't
allow somebody to build a wedding venue
because it's not consistent with the
regulations or a concert venue, that
sort of thing. You know, Andor is kind
of a quiet little
town. So that's and that doesn't mean
that we can't change any of those things
either. The
other the other aspect, you know, when
and and I take grandkids to uh a bunch
of little farm events, so I'm kind of
familiar with what the
uh what the farms put on for stuff and
it's normally not weddings and concerts
and that sort of thing.
Um, but
would so would we uh as I drive around
Andover, there are a lot of trees that
have tree farm signs on it. And does
that mean that everybody that has a tree
farm should be able to do businesses
there? Um, and they probably wouldn't. I
think they've got prefarge because it's
an accident trying to break
forward
but but there's a bunch of stuff that uh
that I don't know and uh I was looking
forward to that EDC discussion to help
me get a better feel for that. So I'll
look forward to that uh for next month
and
uh but those are the things that I'm
wrestling with when I try to figure that
out. I think I made the comment before
we didn't want Woodstock 2025 taking
place in Andover and
uh and I think that's probably a good
plan. So
that's but I do I do think that uh we we
need to make some so I guess the
question comes down to my mind is do we
want to regulate these activities or let
uh let Mr. fish go on his merry way as
long as he doesn't annoy his neighbors.
And that's, you know, when we did the
lighting rags, we put those in so that
the zoning enforcement officer, and that
was John Valen at the time, had
something to go back to when the
neighbors complained about the lights
shining in their house. And sure enough,
we've had to uh we've been we took
advantage of that a couple times. So,
anyhow, John did a great job of updating
the uh hanger business rig. I just not
sure where I go on that. And
uh and I'm only one vote out of five.
Teach some other people to be thinking
about that too. I I can see a lot of
opportunities to maybe do some sort of
agurism. I think about my high school
reunion was at an herb farm couple years
ago. Um there's a lot a lot of the big
up and coming wedding venues are farms
and barns and things like that. And y I
can't really see that that would be bad
to have in town. It just seems like it'd
be something that would give some
positive growth and it wouldn't be like
having a store that's open every day of
the week. It would just be an occasional
flare. Yep. So, that's my thought about
it. And uh you know, when you had a
wedding venue, maybe you you know,
you're required to be all inside a a
tent or something. I know uh you know,
Colombia, they have a soundproof tent
requirement that they put in when
they're going to have a rowdy thing
going on,
but there's a lot that we uh that Mr.
Fitz could probably do. might be some
things that we don't want them to do and
we need to figure out what those bounds
are. How do we stop that? And farms are
not just tree farming. No, like the
Hurst farm out there. Not a tree farm
and I was out at Hurst Farm over the
weekend getting the maple syrup and
that's dairy farms and that
is they have to meet a certain tax
criteria, right? and yeah at 2500 or
something like that sales and products.
I'm not familiar with the actual number
something something like that to make
the farm
to have sort of a formal farm
designation that's yeah in terms of in
terms of state of Connecticut and tax
status
right 5 acre
farm wedding
venue I'm all for it I'm all for it as
well as long as
It's not impacting the
just as a point of interest a number of
people have stopped by the office
contacted me that have actually in the
setting up farms you know new farms
small I say small you know one was 30
acres one was 10 acres um another one
was sort of conversion of the the hay
fields on on Bunker Hill over to you
know propose conversion over to some
sort of more high intensity use of
property. People are there there is some
interest in in doing doing something on
on a smaller scale but but not time you
know for for this area.
So we'll get through that and uh but uh
you know working on trying to get
through the POC too that's not going
quite as fast as I was hoping. I did
talk through Hank and uh you know he was
gonna he asked me if he should come
tonight to go through the chapter that
John did. I said well if you and the
conservation commission had a chance to
review it and uh think about you know
your comments on that jet and he said uh
you know they were hoping to do that. I
think their meeting is next week and so
he asked if they could come and uh
address that at the April meeting as
well. So what I thought was going to be
busy meeting tonight is going to turn
into a busy meeting in
April.
Um anything else, John?
Uh that's it for me. Okay.
No public there, so we're not going to
do public speak.
Um, next regularly scheduled meeting,
April 15th, to be held as a hybrid
meeting just like this one. Uh, I would
hope that we get more people there. I'm
kind of uh disappointed that uh we got
nobody no interest tonight in what's
going on, but that's okay. But that's
going to be April 15th. Um, I guess the
So this weekend is uh the big land use
training weekend by the Connecticut Bar
Association. I sent out to everybody
this afternoon what the schedule for
that day should be.
Um, in my notes I uh that I can't find,
I included the training
requirements and
uh what surprised me when I was reading
through the
schedule. It says this program fulfills
the general training requirements and
half of the required one-hour training
concerning affordable housing and fair
housing policies.
And that uh that surprised me because
you would have thought with a full day
of training they would have met the
requirements for with the training. I
remember uh Mark Grant talking about how
they boosted that up the first year but
we're going to make sure that never
happened again
and it well maybe not. So, there's a
panel discussion from 240 to 3:40 on
affordable housing, the municipal
perspective, and options for expanding
housing
opportunities. That sounds like an hour
to me. Um so I'll see what kind of
information it is but since they go on
to say that uh you know this this
training is the office of policy and
management does not certify individual
programs and I do we'll see what what we
can do but I would ask everybody to
attend that part in particular get
another three hours of stuff to meet our
fourhour requirement.
And uh hopefully that will be that. I'm
hoping they talk about that a little bit
in the introduction on Saturday
morning. I like to point out that I do
have books for folks. Um I believe Lee
Edward would be the only
one that I know Patrick already has a
book. Um pick it up. Great. If not, I'll
I'll drop it off. And also that there is
the community center being set aside to
hold that meeting on a screen.
That will be open sometime quarter 9 or
there about Saturday morning.
Yes, we
um did did Jim just mention my name? I
was going to ask a question anyway, but
did did Jim just mention my name because
it was a little bit of echoing. He did
mention your name. I think it was in
regard to dropping off a book for you.
I have books for the the workshop, the
CBA, the Connecticut Bar Association
workshop, and I believe one of them is
for you.
You did sign up. That's going to be my
question. I see from a month or two ago
that we were supposed to get a book and
I was just going to mention that um one
I don't think I've gotten a book and two
are we supposed to get some kind of link
to sign in or or is that going to come
between now and Saturday? The link is
supposed to come tomorrow.
Yep. I was hoping it would be out today.
Thanks, John. And thanks Leanne. I
forgot to mention that. Uh I have not
seen the link yet, but they normally put
one out a couple days before the
training. sure you can get there.
Okay. Jim, would you like me to email
you about about um getting together and
and so that I can um pick up the book?
Sure, that'd be great.
Okay. Any other questions or comments on
the
training? Okay. Any other questions or
comments on anything?
Hearing
none. I make a motion that we adjourn.
Second. Okay. Thank you.
All in favor say I. I. I.
Lean.
I motion passes 500. Thank you all for
attending.
See you next
month. Bye.